README.md, before:

# Proxio

## What the hell is this?

Node proxy server with Facebook and Google OAuth.

Server will proxy all calls to `API_HOST` + `API_PATH` specified.

I made it so I can build backend however I want to.

## Why name it so predictable/stupid?

Trying to spend my imagination on more important things in life.

## Assumptions

You have your backend authentication at `API_PATH` + `/login` path and need or want only
`email`, `name` and provider. This can be easily changed in `auth_providers/login_to_api.js` file.

## Setup and running

```bash
# will use http://localhost:4000 for development environment
export HOST="http://service.domain.net"
export REDIRECT_URL="http://localhost:4200"

export API_HOST="http://localhost:3000"
export API_PATH="/api/v1"
export API_SECRET="<API_SECRET>"

export FACEBOOK_APP_ID="<FACEBOOK_APP_ID>"
export FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET="<FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET>"

export GOOGLE_APP_ID="<GOOGLE_APP_ID>"
export GOOGLE_APP_SECRET="<GOOGLE_APP_SECRET>"

node app
```

### Node debugging

```sh
npm install -g node-inspector
```

One terminal

```sh
node --debug app
```

Another terminal

```sh
node-inspector
```

Commit message:

bye bye node proxy code, was good seeing you, but nginx can easily do what you did

README.md, after:

# Proxio...no more, now only auth service without f*****g.io

## What the hell is this?

Facebook and Google OAuth service. You redirect your browser to `/auth/facebook` or `/auth/google`, service will
try to log you in (find you) in your API and will redirect you back to your client with user token and user id you
want to have in client to access REST API.

## Assumptions

You have your backend authentication at `API_PATH` + `/login` path and need or want only
`email`, `name` and provider. This can be easily changed in `auth_providers/login_to_api.js` file.

## Setup and running

```bash
export HOST="http://auth.domain.net"         # default: http://localhost:4000
export REDIRECT_URL="http://localhost:4200"  # you want to be redirected back to your client app

export API_HOST="http://localhost:3000"
export API_PATH="/api/v1"
export API_SECRET="<API_SECRET>"

export FACEBOOK_APP_ID="<FACEBOOK_APP_ID>"
export FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET="<FACEBOOK_APP_SECRET>"

export GOOGLE_APP_ID="<GOOGLE_APP_ID>"
export GOOGLE_APP_SECRET="<GOOGLE_APP_SECRET>"

node app
```

### Node debugging

```sh
npm install -g node-inspector
```

One terminal

```sh
node --debug app
```

Another terminal

```sh
node-inspector
```
